New and new technology has been introduced to the society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in richer countries will outweigh any increase in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will talk about the sites that were not included in the tour -- for example , due to entrance fees that would make the total package price too expensive .
The disadvantage is parking their car is very difficult .
Bigger farming uses more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you will only get some misunderstood idea about that article but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the capability for grammar , which means it can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city has a big change .
I think that learning facts is only evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detailed information as taught , but it 's definitely not evidence for their intelligence .
Unfortunately , most older people do not use the internet , in spite of the benefits of the internet .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will talk too much with knowledge but if I have general information about this subject , I will talk about this subject with my limited knowledge and this case may make me feel ashamed , like when my brother asked me about something but I do n't have a lot of information about this .
because if I see someone doing something to save me time and energy and it 's ok , I will do it .
The government should think about the whole nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we run out of fuel .
For me it was great because I needed to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why the calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said in other words that the more fluoride may create damage to the human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create new ideas , others often look very strange to them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because of the good streets and highways throughout the United States and Europe , but only because of the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars rather than a motor bike , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend in these days and people respect him .
For example , in a math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using various ways .
On the other hand , when I was a freshman in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
The air in China is not so clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , the consumer does not want to buy gas for fuel .
Although , learning more subjects gives us a lot of knowledge which makes me successful in my studies .
When you 're making a tour guide trip , you already have everything settled from the time you 're departing to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey the public transportation is being developed , especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and Istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved with studying , they do n't have enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintained that traveling on their own gives a lot of advantages .
They even ask themselves how this kind of thing did n't cross their mind .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short a time to prove the problem .
So for these reasons I really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge of different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answers that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can not be related to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building a new subway system and adding more lanes for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties are always in contact with other people .
But these things seem too hard for old people , they move so hard , and do n't have a healthy body to do these things like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases caused by microorganisms are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like it , but after that it gradually started boring and finally I did n't have any interest in all the stuff .
In her salary we ca n't buy a car because we are planning to finish our house in Binangonan , Rizal and we are planning to finish my studies in Boston .
so the information technology and advanced technology are so much increased .
Even more relevant to the seduction of advertising is the fact that quite frequently those images of perfection placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .
As the professor claimed the details and examples to strengthen the position of reading passage , which I , in the following paragraphs , would like to provide evidence to present the whole view .
In the advertisement that he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly says that the product is made with products of high quality in technology .
We have a lot of papers to write .
A person with broad knowledge will help him to renovate .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use fewer cars .
One of these important elements is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new stuff and trying it too , by being an open and creative mind .
Firstly the striped bass consume large quantities of menhaden ; secondly this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry gives some people in Virginia .
They drove settlements in another domain .
The timeline for this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion is so predictable that one can even have calculations about it if he/she has both the population and existing fuel count .
I think people should travel by making decisions by themselves for several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten a lot of freshwater fish species because they need to eat and to find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8am~9 am is the busiest time , then workers would argue that they drive a bit later .
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive the real world .
For example , when I am studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional encyclopedias are written by a trained expert for academic rigor that can not really be achieved .
By the time everyone should be gathered up in a certain place .
For twenty years down the lane every major city would end up being a pile of metal junkyard , with no place to move around .
And what are those risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt on the conclusion .
In this movie the father is handicapped .
For example , in this generation people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In Malaysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered dangerous or irresponsible , such as bungee jumping .
I think most people will like that in a busy world , but I do n't think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Everyone would expect to leave his own and secret dreams like to be a painter , a writer ...
I ANSWERED THE QUESTION AND I GOT GOOD IMPRESSIONS FROM BOTH LECTURER AND FRIENDS .
According to the listening passage , it seems fair for people to increase the tax price because they will be able to save money for other taxes they pay .
Homework will help you to manage your time if you are not using the time for some other purposes .
I mean our home country because we can speak Japanese and can speak Japanese .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with new technology than today .
This would definitely require him to take out an immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example with whom the youngsters of today relate .
They follow the way the Sun goes from the east to the west .
It 's time to take a rest looking back at your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we have to do as the tour guide said .
So , if Japan has such common sense for a long time , even after twenty years , people will aim to own a car and still drive a car to show people that they are `` rich '' .
An example that would make this categorization problematic is an architect .
The incoming generation will not ride a two wheeler .
And also the marketing can do some adjust to the change .
This is supported by national and international policy which is attracting the advantages of going abroad , making self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we have failed , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane which is derived is a non-biological process .
I put into this group of people , everyone who arrives at that success with his own work , I mean people who work very hard and try for example to develop new kinds of work , technologies or someone who tries to do his work in another way to reach the goal that they want easily .
Confidence comes naturally since perfection is its length .
The reason is to pay for them and teach more than any other institute .
I totally agree that the youth today are not sparing enough time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drastically .
and through textbooks , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef who tries new tastes will be recognized and he or she will gain a place in the cooking world .
Also , I think we should thank these animals for everything that they have done to us no matter what .
When I grow up , I start to understand what he said is quite right .
The other one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digital camera .
In the world oil prices are very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion is an asteroid .
After we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand ideas and concepts .
They did not get the ideas or any concepts about what they learned .
And in the end , if you take a risk and you succeed in that , you surely will become a successful person with all the merits , and maybe also the awards , you merit .
In my essay I want to focus on how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally get to know that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's say your interest lies in paintings .
However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
learning the students ' ideas have many advantages :
Do I want to risk my 2 years savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids ' college fund to start up my business ?
So even the government is expecting an increase in the use of four wheeler .
and you can have a chance to make a person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss specific problems just because he does not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I experienced a stranger downtown .
I have specific reasons for this .
Actually it might not be true .
We still have to burn down forests to make land for farming and the result is that the bird will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different intelligence by doing so many things but they just learn it 's appeals to not get any crucial information and wisdom from it .
On the other hand , if you specialize in one specific subject such as physics you will never help him .
This is how we can hit the job market very early and prove that we are capable of doing the job in a better manner .
To judge a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences with somebody is the same as the challenger and challenger is movement , reason some people continue living .
Our society will be a lovely social , if the dream can come true I think we must gain more knowledge .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time , you will not understand anything but when you read it the second time you understand it .
This is the government rule that they are compulsory to attend this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't say it on TV advertising .
For example , many scientists and engineers study cars that make no more tough sound , and smoke .
Without the empirical experience , I think , the learner tends to forget all the information he or she has learned throughout his or her learning process in the long term .
First , disking can be an alternative to prescribed burning .
By just knowing the culture of a different country that we are living in and not born , we wo n't be able to live .
somebody who does n't give and just can not live within communities .
Court coats are very high and a large number of disputed tickets are seen .
And what is more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we have this quality then no one can beat us .
You have 30 typically an effective response will contain a minimum you will be satisfied with cultural experience and fit your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of prizes , some of them have an important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not catch your mind , how can they sell the products to customers ?
The cutting of the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized , attributes , and business owners reduce their business does not respond to the rise of factories .
Second birds navigate by landmarks like rivers , coastlines , and mountains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , most visited , and so on .
They have to contact a variety of fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries the functioning of public transport is not perfectly organized .
If you think of the consumption of them , fish have less fat and a lot of nutrients there .
Public transportation in the city may not be able to cope with this huge amount of people flow .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after that we learn to specialize in one specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problems is accidents for sure everyday millions of people die just because of the drivers not being careful as a matter of fact , I do believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years but this will happen just for one reason that we will use something else .
The internet offers a good opportunity for people who travel for work , for a student , for work .
Can you ever visualize what chaos our society would suffer if every individual considers himself an expert in every field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with a detailed analysis , and then it will come to the conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that specialized students have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , before the oil and gas , scientists will make new cars that go by electricity or by sunlight .
However , I firmly believe that students have to learn a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subjects , and I also made different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time to draft the travel plan , we have no idea on which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what they like , and the way of obtaining it is simply studying abroad syllabus .
In order to understand this , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can encounter with people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother was getting old , she could not move her body easily .
As a tour guide , the person has to be familiar with the place he or she is touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they do n't have anything to hang it with .
And in the place where there is no train we can not help using cars .
You have to teach your child since he or she was until they grow up .
If students have to study for history , for example it is often enough to just learn the facts but on the other hand studying for physics or maths requires an understanding of the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground tube trains in Singapore and the sky trains in Bangkok travel at lightning speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously the irreplaceable examination and less enemy can bring huge advances to fulfill the definition of success .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied that day in class .
I had a good life in my country but everything I got from my parents .
But if the student is only going to learn things without knowing the concept then not any company is given the opportunity to that person because he does not know the concept of its related branch , so in this way it creates a problem in the future .
Third , the stone tower of the east coast is making an unnatural way and this tower is unusual in Europe so non European might be made this tower .
Secondly , it is unfair because it will affect the low-income Americans .
The factories increase sulfur dioxide into the air every year .
It results in people more mature , strong and calm in front of problems of life , because they understand the problems go away and it depends what kind of manner everybody looks at the face of the problem .
for example work on a project .
This space must change the garden .
However , people think that when people have forty years of age or older .
It is worthy of note that not everybody will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deter anybody who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I have a Japanese friend in Japan , his name is Tomo .
When they work , they think they have to find work in time .
As the gasoline tax is rising , it will help the vehicle company to make more cars to sell it to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will abbreviate our earnings , it also has some astonishing effects on our health .
Maybe they have some disadvantages to humanity .
In the lecture , the zebra mussel is not really a serious threat has been proven .
I think it will be lost .
I expect humans can make new material to replace gas , but it is very difficult .
Ideas and motives for war are more important to know because one might draw some conclusions and it might change something inside the student .
Everything is possible which we ca n't imagine .
Although there are some rules for protecting young people such as limiting of aging in movies and preview about the bad aspects of programs before , it is just made for little kids not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that most of the time does not reflect the current quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with them , even if we have more good materials than in the past .
We can be fatalistic and say that with the development of the Third World , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life ; even though we must continue to work , we should take our chances to the greater heights .
For the Greek philosophers Plato and Aristotle , the capacity to understand ideas and concepts , the intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the beings we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding these concepts is more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning the facts .
I basically feel that young people enjoy their life more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them to spread but also they were killed by ships .
They might be bored of reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
So she decides to work in a nursing home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is beneficial to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will be a more considerate person and good for their future , so teachers should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I am working more than 200 hours a month , in order to get the money required to pay back to the bank ( I borrowed some money to buy my house ) .
because , students must do homework .
It 's make a good partner .
As a result , she could get a job that she badly wanted but she did n't expect that many people would flock to this company .
Maybe for the economy in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today not for the citizens that every day must go to the office .
At this stage , youth require the experience of older people to fight this depression .
In fact this device was different from its competitor products .
Also we do not have to care about other people , it means there is a privacy of us and we can talk loudly or might be able to sing .
But I found out that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only run to work or use the uncertainty , but if you have a car you can use your car to go to work here .
government raising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soybean should be used as food for the fish .
He was successful in his fields of living electric equipment , but , he began a new dominant of electronics technology and was successful .
A good company hires goods buzzers , these buzzers do not lie to consumers , so they use their words to let consumers know the goods are real , they do not praise the goods .
Travelling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us to make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not such a good idea because it can develop parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest then produced fire .
So both the lecture and the reading think that other archaeologist monuments in the area from the Kingdom period .
If I have one suggestion .
To be sure , we Japanese take part in destroying the environment because we consume most wood .
So I asked my student what he thought about my lesson , and tried to find out where the problem is .
That means if I have a broad knowledge of politics , I 'm aware that 'where to speak what ' .
He also tells fact concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream in my mind at that time .
After majoring in any field of study , a student can not adjust immediately to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that the quality of discussion is the most important part of the discussion .
Concepts of a subject gives us the background of the main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline in the following paragraphs my arguments in favor of this statement .
This example proves that knowing the facts is less important than knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstein 's seminal theory of relativity has been proven by facts .
While I was there someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the rounds can not be damaged because raising the tax there will be many fewer cars .
Second , the scroll lists are huge amounts of gold , like 35 kilograms , so the price will be different .
I do n't have a car but I 'm dreaming of it .
Because the rest of the period the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays each of the family members owns a car .
When you are able to understand ideas and concepts , you are able to understand structures of thinking this can help you a lot .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and furthermore some of them have three or four .
Thus I see more people opting for their own car in the near future .
So people who do not give enough time to helping their communities , they should repair it .
Otherwise , he/she may feel inadequate one day if he
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and the concepts of the war are shown and we can get very excited about it .
So what shall I do ?
I could not give much time to any of the sports so that I could be a great sportsman .
For example : Smoking , I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would enable me to branch out and look into other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone does a legal behavior , he has to be justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to tell you about this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very expensive .
then there is a chance to shift him to other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that Americans will not ignore the `` eco certified '' as there are so many advertisements now .
The reasons and examples will be loved in this essay to support my opinion .
But actually , I need to experience it .
A student who chooses to study at university has to become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
Therefore , the French revolution happened during the middle ages in Europe because of those reasons .
It is therefore important for the respective governments and international bodies to try and reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions a cane toad which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help to create a brotherhood relationship .
By trial and error , I succeeded in giving me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know , the fish is taken as a meal it is harmful for human beings to do fish farming .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only solution for them to learn .
And the president of the company Lake Toyota or Ford , they are successful because they know how to start a company and make a smart thing .
Instead , they would help with the house or with farming .
but the lecturer shows a different angle of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this mode of transportation in the days ahead .
and we can save a lot of time on the second , the tour guide will be introduced to the spot of equi culture , then we can enjoy the deadly trip , not only go over there to stay a short time .
Understanding how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzies points out that Chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that were round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and can search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
On a group trip , we are forced to the group time schedules .
Probably , by using my own car this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and make us all live in a comfortable home .
There may be global warming because of the lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy them .
They are busy with themselves , they do n't spend time helping the society that they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers that are even cheaper .
I can remember that in a lecture I attended .
The third reason is that it gives us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happens .
television makers just hung academic titles on their program .
Even despite everything when there is a life there is a hope .
They have a special diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and also in the way many students go to school for the blind to read books to them and help them out .
They think what the celebrities say in the advertisement is true .
As a result , young people feel less sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Bill Gates developed people 's lives more comfortable than previous circumstances .
Also , students , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts will not only comprehend the facts they are given , but also acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas surrounding them .
If a person just knew the facts , he would never think about the possibilities .
Though , in fact , old people can enjoy some light sports entertainment , I think that they are not more interesting than hard sports or something .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding of many subjects because it makes you broad and gives you the opportunity to work in different fields and the environment .
For instance , YANG Zhenning , who is a famous scientist with great achievements and fame , has a high proficiency in literature while specifying scientific research in physics .
It is said that the zebra mussel from the bottom of the ship moved to the freshwater and devastate nature .
This implies that there can be instances where no such overstating takes place at all .
In my opinion there are some reasons why it is true .
And the availability of jobs to the candidates having specific knowledge is less when compared to the all round performer ,
Because when you understand the whole idea , you can imagine how the theory works .
It is not worth jumping in the pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breathe again .
The person who takes many subjects has a better chance of getting a job .
So to solve that kind of problem they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices on commodities allowing consumers to budget well in order to be able to buy them .
However , the successful person who achieved great accomplishment does not escape or give up easily in front of the impossible things regarded among people .
In other words , cars would not be of use in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a 'LAN-party ' with the neighbor 's kids .
Also , the lecturer mentioned that the stone was placed between the Sphinx 's front paws were not placed there during the time of the old kingdom 's king , Khafre .
but some young people do not give to helping their community .
I give some of my time to help other people because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student who knows fact but does not know how to do it .
They can travel more freely than older people do .
The first reason is that global warming did not connect with Anasazi disappearing .
Simply , we need to eat and buy clothes , make and raise family .
This happens more when one is watching movies with the family .
Among the many skills required is the knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is very rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , an increasing population and stagnating rate of technological advance in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
I agree with the idea of taking the risk and going for the new field .
The size of the treasure written is too large .
So it is very strange that the people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , and then moved because they did n't have enough water .
If they are really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore it is possible to believe that the explosion of Tunguska was the explosion of an asteroid .
In the passage , it is said that only engineers can maintain their temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people are trying to make a better society for everybody .
If someone does n't know , eating is very important for growth bonds and Brian or general for body it is fact but ideas are just useful .
Advertising can be used badly not only by corporations but also by governments , as for example the Nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialities the opportunity to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed other people through their strong and devotion to duty .
Besides , smoke emitting from cars and the noise coming from the car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The main reasons are as follows .
It has come to be one of the effective measures manufacturers use in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did many things that I wanted , so I was very excited .
It is not an easy task for old people to see young people who spend their time on useless things , in their opinion .
Sometimes their teachers only teach about the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome , without a tour guide you do n't realize the importance and the history behind these ruins .
So they have to pay more attention to their health rather than to enjoy the arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
To work hard means to run the company .
If your answer is yes , that is good .
For example , if the old person does not hear properly , then young people right from the day of their childhood think of inventing something that can help older people hear more properly .
Right from the age of 5-6 years the children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guide is quite beneficial because of its opportunity to travel to many places in a short time and safety .
I have just been studying for examination study .
We will feel confused and we wo n't see matters clear .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts will be leaving the main effects and influence because it combines with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it merely understanding the idea behind that concept ?
By doing exercises , students can learn how to proceed in a correct way and making a wrong operation , they will be able to understand the concepts and make the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adult content to send their children to school to contact these different kinds of class .
What is the world and what are we supposed to do here ?
This period is not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , Earth ground had heat .
Therefore , they could not get information about their needs rather than now , we can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based payment is really about .
The Anglo version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe and still now many people believe in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everybody should read carefully all the information available about it .
The disability of doing the things that desire makes people unhappy .
The speaker argues that it has resulted from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A where I can study and live in my dream country , I want to have a family that I am never alone .
I do not know American teachers , but some Japanese teachers speak just facts in the class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learning facts .
A product needs to have advertisements so it is known around the place and it gets its population so everyone will like a piece of it .
Most scientists say this bass plays a much more significant role in the decrease of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject it would be more amazing , interesting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than today .
because we are watching movies to earn something .
But now everything has changed , life has become more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used and have already been used .
Some products they sell are expensive because they are branded , some are cheaper because it was not a branded product but if you see the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive one .
It is therefore necessary to understand the idea behind it and come up with a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line of difference between gambling and taking risks .
So , we must cooperate well with others , after we solve today 's problem .
It may tell us how large the world is .
So a prohibition would n't solve the real problem .
through the preferences might be different for a young person and for an older person to fully enjoy their life .
In the younger generation one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams and in elderly people it can be internal .
It has some problems that it can affect humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably decrease the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now , it has reached some parts of North America .
And I expect , if we lose the quality of cars , we will protect our life , our environment , and we will not depend on the gas .
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , seeing his grandchildren playing , does have .
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome .
Edison , who invented the bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exists .
Maybe I can not enjoy the real meaning and I am tired .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are big cars , the number of people taking the bus still reduces the number of cars .
Our group decided to open the Waseda Cafe .
Nowadays , many people study the way that makes advertisements increase sales , which is why our behavior is influenced by what we listen to or what we see on the television .
However , I also feel good about this because this shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also used this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way a person always feels to be original and `` modern '' , not `` ancient '' like people that surround him or her .
I need to understand what are carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins and minerals and how they are unfolded in our body to produce ATP .
and none of the tourists will come and Yellowstone will not be popular and of course , local businesses that depend on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they look happy .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country has been criticizing the one way of teaching .
It is also possible for travelers to reschedule the plan and the destinations .
It is not very frequent , though , and it still fulfills the needs that we have for it today .
In conclusion , you are not attracted totally by the product but by the lifestyle that this product will give to you .
Though I am from Fukuoka , now I live in Yokohama in order to go to Yokohama City University .
In the twenty years , they also can give us the better cars to use less resources-consumed transportation tools and give us the much more convenient tools for travelling .
It is necessary for a breakthrough event or product to succeed .
A lot of people are using a bicycle to go .
Second , old houses can stand in the way of the development of communication .
What we have to care about is that the oil is not used only for cars but also for other materials .
This new product is a floop in the market .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship that travels from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will spread to the whole of Europe .
I do not agree that initiative people will take risks more than those who do not .
Graham Bell worked a lot and took risks for inventing this Telephone apart from his electrical knowledge .
For example , during a traffic jam , the transit ca n't accommodate such a large number of people , how would the clerks .
He or she can help me in languages , introducing specific beautiful places , what the special food in that country is , and how about that country 's culture .
and new gadgets prefer to use the transport , this is why they think in twenty years less car use .
Travelling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I was trying to do all the sightseeing without a tour guide , that would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available on supermarket shelves , and when you switch on the television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming exciting new features about the products advertised .
In addition , it uses the North Star to migrate directly to the north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , has a trustworthy voice .
For example , the hamburgers in the commercials and menus look way more juicy , neat , and fresh than the ones you buy .
Nowadays all the upcoming graduates are just mugging the subject , mostly 70 % of subjects just learning .
For me there are few very friends or classmates that would be better for a friend .
All the facts are mere deceptions .
We still do n't know aliens to be or not to be in our solar system .
If I travel in a group with a tour guide , I will have a time limit .
Attendance does not mean that teenagers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will wish the young people .
In studying the processes underlying biochemical pathways knowledge of biochemistry is required , which is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to new and `` out of the box '' way of thinking is what made our civilizations what it 's now .
When we talked to the employment the company should not know
At this moment , business became an online business .
Traveling is very important for people to know about the world and in a group they might be as well .
It contributes to air pollution and the temperature rises .
For instance , the birds do not usually try to remember the subjects that they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That 's true !
For example , you have to employ a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it had creativity and innovation .
So it means there is no certain way about how migrating birds find their way home .
Their life is a repetition of studying and learning .
However , the problem is if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money - 10 times more than normal .
But there are several reasons that have drawn me to this conclusion .
They usually forget where the book is set .
Who can say no to a business that can make your life more safe ?
For example , I prefer to specialise in public relations which help me in my personal life , and how to deal with the author .
Now let me tell you about the daily activities of my father and compare it with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable because not only the striped bass population is vital for menhaden , but also the entire ecological system based on it .
The fact is that it would rain when the specific condition is prepared .
that is not true also .
First is how to release the drugs as fast as possible , in order to sell it faster and make more money faster , but the government requires a certain amount of testing to be done before the drug is released , so it reduces the date of drug release .
Maybe one day there will be a tool that will take us anywhere we want only in a few seconds .
There seem to be too many hurdles present in the growth of the car industry in recent times .
So it depends on the different body nature .
It 's a slow process but after the process they can use Yerkish signs and start to understand what people , trainers , and researchers are saying .
If we plant some species which are very strong , compared to other plants .
Because it rains more , and the plants grow well , so the Pueblo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movie stars or famous people in advertisements attract people .
The first is our life condition .
For example , if successful people do n't try new things how people could do the airplane , cars , computers , etc .
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the separate disciplines .
The more I study , the more I am satisfied .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to the Wegman to buy the watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be made in public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like to travel abroad or to have different experiences , but their purpose has something in common .
We always joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this .
Gone are those days when only rich could have afforded it .
Even if we do not have one ourselves , other people use them to make our lives easier - be it a transporter , bringing food to the supermarket or the car that brings us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guides lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture , because our culture has changed .
Our current status of living is highly energy intensive .
So my opinion is if a friend is staying in the world and then friends can help everything .
Last but not least , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels can be finished and no more .
So , it is important to students
I have been struggling with the way of completing hard assignments , studying , improving grades , and learning strategies .
Because in competition Man wants everything better than his competitor .
The understanding ideas and the concepts help students learn information about the many subjects and accept good education from information they have .
Therefore , we think that the mind care of society is in front of it .
The basic requirements of today 's man have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip ; if you are guided by a person who knows the area .
But the only reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood to be the ability to invent new ideas , to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Everyone has fears and feels scared to take a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalyzing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us to improve the other stage .
but after a while they found out it was not true .
Although , people have a great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , so it is easy to gain general knowledge about everything .
But what about the stress that they have to undergo , the stress related not only to their position in life but fight that they undergo for their ambition .
In the case of vehicles like motorcycles , the number of persons is limited to 2 and similarly there are limits to the number of persons that can be accommodated in the vehicle .
And the risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternative energies , which will also be environmentally friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed cameras can be placed in many locations along the highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip more .
He is a specialist in a computer program but he does not know about other fields .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities in filmmaking .
because I have broad knowledge .
people try to drink it .
If everyone in the city uses their own cars , the city will be seriously polluted by the smoke .
Do n't be afraid to do something new !
It is rather than giving them strong medicine for them .
Fortunately their topic becomes more clear by using this large number of the concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have tremendous problems trying to keep their car in a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that the new way will be another way to improve a mechanism .
They have limits to ways which have meaning and function like a word .
also save your time and make you satisfied with this journal .
Moreover , the decision of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are , the company 's future , including that one of the employees might be at risk .
They are the boney and vital part of society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have fewer things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural sense by good pieces of music or precious movies too .
The most important thing that you can do is not tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and using them in their future job .
I think that the biggest reason is devised environment compared with the past .
If older people are more likely to change , their lives will become better .
They are very distant for ancestors to move the treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means , just learning facts are not going to leave temporarily to students .
Although , I often hurt this time thinking about some questions .
My personal perception is that such behavior is damaging to a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity , rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts help us to know the utility or advantages of the product that is newly formed .
The other is about the extreme lengths to conserve water .
It is important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward and not stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate in reference to celestial objects like the sun and stars .
Every house nowadays has a computer , mobile , etc. This is what today 's man wants to live .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
These are enjoyable tasks to make your mindset look forward to the various experiences .
These problems do not exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be achieved by everybody who has access to an internet connection .
Second , if the park has fires , animals that in the park do n't survive .
I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomenon reminds them , it comes the time of referring to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience of that field after all theory is lame without practice .
While studying at university , people may still not know which subject they should specialize in .
These activities are only for the future or amusement of them .
I have a great influence on my life .
After all , we are the internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is the bravery and being interested in all things .
I will describe these two main issues : to meet modern society 's needs and to be eligible candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harvard University and he was respected by others to just attend the Harbor .
Because of fast-paced societies , we ca n't imagine what the world would be changed .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in the world .
Take the example of Bangalore city in India .
These surveys also demonstrate how many young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could make if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relationship with their communities .
And as a contradiction of this the professor said that disease study is not designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks that are used to make a product seem more attractive than it is in reality .
In order to maintain old buildings costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to growth in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for a parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable , but it 's not important to me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute new articles or make an editorial change .
It happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product and this means competition .
Why there is n't one that was left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Because students are young .
This is in contrast to the point in the reading that advertising does not produce any effect on American people because they receive bombardment from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that during the next 20 years anything could hinder an American to use his car to drive down to the post office , which is only 3 blocks away .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned mathematical formula without concept .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertisement , it looks like a Mercedes , too .
That 's the way it is .
that would be frequently asked questions , so to answer this question we should be aware of the facts .
However , when we try to cast a view , gas has become a very expensive item that will even become more expensive .
clearly , you must show your skills and by speaking .
It is very important for them to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keep his investment within the confines of the oil business where he was the master he went ahead with his new plan .
They complete each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with that breakthrough or innovative ideas , he will be the first to capitalize it .
Students may not understand facts very will Antell they understand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
They wander in the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of the tour guides would go there with my group members and me .
But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what event causes another one , and why , in this way , it is easier to learn that the first one occurs before the second one , and thus it is easier to learn dates .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
My children are not going to school or college and coming to movies .
But , in technology and evolution , people 's minds have arrived at a solution , they must decrease water carriers or waterway ships which travel between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports so the load on the ship can be decreased and fewer zebra mussels are transported .
It can be a good opportunity to make their own time to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds shrink .
Yet I am sure there are a number of examples of people who have achieved success that would prove the statement wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is not clear and free , man can not involve himself completely in doing any activity .
However , I have different ways of thinking about the quote .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
This is an effective solution to stop the advancing fires .
This always challenges consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and want in the modern days .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many academics , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients take a bath , talk with the elderly people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities during special occasions like Mother 's Day .
You can buy a vanilla cake in a fine store and another vanilla cake in the regular store .
Some guides are not sure about the information .
They share their views and ideas within a group .
Hope is the main key for finding a new task .
This is because the choice can appear to students as a common part .
Developing communities want to build more modern buildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the decrease , and technology replacement .
Most importantly , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predators are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that as the energy problem , the people 's lifestyle will be changed .
For example , when I was in school my geography book presents `` Pluto '' as the last planet , but recent studies posted that `` Pluto '' is not a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that does not mean that I do not respect and admire others .
For example , in Korea , teachers teach and students learn what teachers are saying without discussing with students during class .
They do not need to know what the facts about that cake are .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas
To have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can pick up more interesting fields about the subject and it 's very easy to understand .
And I completely disagree with what the author wants to say .
I support my feeling that it can be part of life .
But on the other hand , we have a risk of poisoning this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it , if you are 50 or 60 years old you always think of your health .
I advise all people to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life God gave us .
Everybody knows each other .
Another reason to join a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be less and less bought by people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have talent for other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be those that are specialists in the topic subject .
To maintain the products , they have sometimes used strategies to keep the clientele with the same enthusiasm .
Also , the second argument seems to be a bit out of context as the new technologies may hardly cut down on the number of cars used .
But it depends on what level we gain this knowledge .
As the profession said , pressure in water is another reason to have an explosion .
For example , banks have many very specialized departments .
Everybody would benefit from their experience : people in general and the people who want to learn from them .
Boys and girls easily believe them .
This time , my opinion is that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
More information about how we can get it is the important thing .
This is merely an opinion based on present , albeit established facts .
They do n't have to read specific books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it , it means that your intelligence is high but a doctor has to be very good at saving and helping ill people .
If , however , the student will put only concepts and his/her
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollute less .
When I watch TV , radio ...
After he graduated from his university , thanks to his software skills , he can get a job easily and he is the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
It would increase in price after a few years and its owner would be overpriced and he would be a successful man .
But the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some test results from research conducted by an oil is not taken around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it , had the risk of spending too much money as they choose the first and only tariff , which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is a fair system because it treats teachers on education , teaching skills , and the most important thing is teaching experience .
At the time of an emergency he / she could be of great help if he / she is aware of the child 's health problems and their cure .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both would survive , but the chance of one 's victory is not guaranteed .
It is dangerous for the plants and crops and changes rivers too acidic for live fish and other animals in .
It is strongly related to our daily life .
With this population outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of people .
It was said in the passage that the humans are endotherms and maintain the internal body temperatures up to 37 degrees , the same as the dinosaurs that they maintain body temperatures up to 37 degrees or more than this temperature .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say , `` luck follows the ones that are brave '' and to destroy your everyday routine you must be brave enough but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two crucial facts : no particles from asteroid explosion , area of the asteroid and meteorite of the explosion .
Young people find it easier to adapt to new technologies than old people .
It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
Usually , success is connected with some achievement .
If the explorers did n't take risks we would n't discover the new continent .
The second point is about the evidence , according to the passage the evidence that associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kingdom King , and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre , but the lecture says that this evidence is not strong enough to accept the Old Kingdom King , Khafre and his stone plaque between the Sphinx front paws carries and identifies the Khafre .
First of all , you will learn a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were only accessible to politicians or privileged party members .
They say that they have some reasons .
They are very young and they do not have a job so they can not finish their studies .
However , people who have not joined the event seem like the winner because they forgot the event early .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo -induced improvement take place just at a psychological level .
Second , he says the strong property rights developed from the factory system and not vice versa .
Bus , Subway , even planes are means of travelling which can be used in a lot of areas .
For example , in a science subject , it is necessary for students to understand whether or not they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people watch advertising .
But at that time , people who had knowledge of various fields were able to find jobs in the surviving field .
There is nothing that has been declined in literature .
They do not have to go to work every day , instead they may go see a football game in a different city .
Also , it is more comfortable to move .
And you can not imagine any government giving up so many workplaces for unemployment .
Coming to the atmosphere and nature both are the same .
I wish I could travel somewhere that I can take as many pictures as I want .
For example , if my friends talk about their problem with computer issues , I will give them some advice about how to solve the people or just to listen to and understand them will also help them to be comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessmen travel all over the world everyday !
The knowledge we have will increase our ability to compete in the future .
There are a lot of car companies and every year they make at least a 6 or 7 or 8 or more new cars .
If any problem occurs in older age it is very difficult for them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother tongue compared to me is the best way to learn a new culture and language , however , there is a chance to meet them .
This fast pace economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capita income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life it is all about the money and what you earn but that is not only a success .
IN CASES LIKE THAT BMW ARE USING ADVERTISEMENTS WAY TO SHOW HOW THE PRODUCT TO THE PEOPLE .
When Google was found other Internet search machines already existed .
I want a broad knowledge of many academics .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector , which would imply a decline in the number of cars .
He knows many countries around the world .
Because getting old is not just age .
It 's not really good .
Maybe when the economy is bad , people can find new jobs quickly , but it may not be the best job they can do .
The important thing about this case is that each country has to use an official solution for their learning problems .
For example , a researcher that wants to be successful must take risks .
The legs of all modern endotherms are underneath its body .
So if they do n't update themselves with the recent study that they are going to teach to their students .
Second , the high cost of drug testing finally led to the cost of the unit drug cost being higher than producing it .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the ancient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of the knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride is also a disadvantage .
For these reasons , I disagree that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing ill fish harvested on farms could cause dangerous wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak , after we grow up , they send us to school to learn how to write , sometimes you have to learn the vocabulary from the writing , then you can use more words in your speech .
Do you give it to another person to solve ?
Everybody knows sport can improve our bodies , but we need to try by yourself than we will know , yes , sport really can help us to get a healthy body .
Thus , we can easily remember this formula without spending extra energy and time , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think that what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of the top-product like bestsellers , brands , luxuries and briefly think about their own safety .
First he shows that in some cases placebo made the patient believe he was gonna get cured , which made him create more killing cells , which cured him .
You will be like in one or two or three academics , you get it because everything you know you can be used together to make something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed might cause fire spreading , so it is hard to coordinate .
Now they can afford the lawsuit against music industries who sued them for about 100 million dollars to invent p2p software to hack their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not incorrect to say that the world is losing a great support system to which the young people can greatly contribute .
Because we need food .
When there is need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be mature enough to make wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be for the entire area .
Early signs can already be seen .
This is probably because we are all , in general , compared to the time we were born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gave us information Vulcan which was found on Mars and also there was a bacteria but no one can indicate what kind of bacteria was taha .
In Korea , we are using a day-off system of using a private vehicle .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wishes and leaves the car to his closest bus station .
I can imagine both points of view , as far as I am concerned , I think that cars will not be more and more in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who are late entering the class .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in their school .
But there are still a lot of people who are not successful yet .
Second , he can not accept the result of lie detectors used as evidence in court .
They are moved by solar energy .
it is true .
And I am going to another country .
Imagine , we could have trees in our garden that produces cherries and apples .
I graduate from university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska demands atmosphere .
A lesson is another new thing you gained from experience .
The youth today are aware of their responsibilities as a citizen .
But I disagree with this opinion because often the advertisement does n't speak about the functions of the product but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend on it .
It gives him many opportunities in life , and I think that being a knowledgeable person is a very wonderful thing to have so we can spend our lives in a successful way and full of happiness .
In other words , the image in the TV commercial is the most important point that the viewer determines whether he or she is .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them .
